subject;predicate;object
Brougham Castle;built in;1214
Robert de Vieuxpont;built;Brougham Castle
castle's great tower;remains intact;
later buildings;destroyed by;fire
Robert Clifford;added;stone curtain wall
Robert Clifford;fortify;castle
castle;fortify;against Scottish attacks
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
castle;played a crucial role in;Wars of the Roses
castle;played a crucial role in;Anglo-Scottish wars
