subject;predicate;object
castles;were built during;Middle Ages
castles;were built as;fortified homes
castles;were built for;kings and nobility
castles;were built to;defend themselves
castles;were built to;rule over their lands
castles;were made of;wood
castles;transitioned to;stone
castles;featured;defensive elements
castles;featured;moats
castles;featured;keeps
castles;featured;curtain walls
castles;featured;arrow slits
castles;featured;gatehouses
castles;featured;battlements
castles;include;Windsor Castle
castles;include;Tower of London
castles;include;Leeds Castle
castles;include;Chateau Gaillard
castles;include;Cite de Carcassonne
castles;include;Spis Castle
castles;include;Hohensalzburg Castle
castles;include;Malbork Castle
castles;evolution of;tower shapes
castles;stored;ale in butteries
castles;used;siege engines
castles;used;sieges to starve out defenders
castles;kept;cats and dogs
castles;kept;to control pests
